Copyright (C) 2015 Y. Billeh, M. Schaub

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software 
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later 
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with 
this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This code implements the leaky-integrate-and-fire network simulations as 
described in the following paper

M. T. Schaub, Y. N. Billeh, C. A. Anastassiou, C. Koch, M. Barahona;
"Emergence of slow-switching assemblies in structured neuronal networks"
PLoS Computational Biology (2015), to appear
(arXiv version -- http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.2103)


-- If you use this code in an academic article, please cite our work. Thanks --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CODE DESCRIPTION:

The code implements all different LIF network types presented in the manuscript.

The main files to run the simulations can be found in the folder 
"NetworkImplemenatations". In particular, using NetworkLIF.m in combination with 
any of the weight matrix scripts, will run one simulation of a LIF network.
If you want to loop over a different parameter, you can use the run_sim_loop.m
file.

While the user is free to explore the range of parameters, we remark that there 
are some intrisic constraints on the probability ratio parameters R_* (e.g. 
R_EE) -- too extreme parameter could lead to connection probabilities greater 
than 1 inside a subgroup of neurons -- in which case the code will crash. For 
the parameter settings discussed in the manuscript this is not a problem. 

There is a second folder named  "UtilityFunctions", which contains some 
functions that are called by the scripts in  "NetworkImplemenatations" folder. 
There is also some code for plotting and analysing results generated by the 
simulations. Please ensure these files are added to your path.
